Slightly adjust docs about S3 incompatibilities (#99624)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/repository-s3.asciidoc

compatibility with S3. In particular it must support the same set of API
endpoints, return the same errors in case of failures, and offer consistency
and performance at least as good as S3 even when accessed concurrently by
multiple nodes. You will need to work with the supplier of your storage system
to address any incompatibilities you encounter.

You can perform some basic checks of the suitability of your storage system
using the {ref}/repo-analysis-api.html[repository analysis API]. If this API
does not complete successfully, or indicates poor performance, then your
storage system is not fully compatible with AWS S3 and therefore unsuitable for

> use as a snapshot repository. However these checks do not guarantee full
> compatibility: incompatible error codes, consistency or performance may be
> particularly hard to track down since errors, consistency failures, and
> performance issues are often rare and hard to reproduce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use as a snapshot repository. However, these checks do not guarantee full
compatibility. incompatible error codes, consistency or performance may be
hard to track down. These issues are typically rare and hard to reproduce.
```
